[do not merge] readability update for workflows concept doc (#301)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concept-workflows.md

## Overview

Temporal's core abstraction is a **fault-oblivious stateful Workflow**. The state of the Workflow code, including local variables and threads it creates, is immune to process and Temporal service failures.
This is a very powerful concept as it encapsulates state, processing threads, durable timers and event handlers.

## Example

Let's look at a use case: 

- A customer signs up for an application with a trial period. 
- After the period, if the customer has not cancelled, he should be charged once a month for the renewal. 
- The customer has to be notified by email about the charges.

> - The customer should be able to cancel the subscription at any time.

Author: broke this up so that it isn't a giant wall of text

    - The failed calls might need to be retried for a long time, ideally using an exponential retry policy. These calls should be throttled to not overload external systems. 
    - There should be support for poison pills to avoid blocking the whole process if a single customer record cannot be processed for whatever reason. 
    - There may also be performance issues. Databases are not efficient for scenarios that require constant polling for records in a specific state.
- **Use a timer service and queues**: Any update is pushed to a queue and then a worker that consumes from it updates a database and possibly pushes more messages in downstream queues. For operations that require scheduling, an external timer service can be used. 
    - This approach usually scales much better because a database is not constantly polled for changes. 
    - However, it makes the programming model more complex and error prone as usually there is no transactional update between a queuing system and a database.
    - It is also harder to test and debug as the asynchrony is spread across your infrastructure.

> With Temporal, the entire logic can be encapsulated in a **single durable function** that directly implements the business logic. Because the function is stateful, the implementer doesn't need to employ any additional systems to ensure durability and fault tolerance.

Author: likewise, giving some visual structure to avoid wall of text

}
```

Again, note that this code directly implements the business logic: 

- If any of the invoked operations (aka Activities) takes a long time, the code is not going to change. 
- It is okay to block on `chargeMonthlyFee` for a day if the downstream processing service is down that long.
- In the same way, blocking the Workflow with `sleep` for 30 days is a routine operation.

> - Temporal has practically no scalability limits on the number of concurrently open Workflow instances. So even if your site has hundreds of millions of consumers, the above code is not going to change.

Author: wall of text refactor

> ### Frequently asked questions

Author: make clear that we are now in FAQ territory, allow for more FAQ

- **Can I write infinitely long running Workflows?**
    - Workflows that are intended to run indefinitely should be written with some care. Temporal stores the complete event history for the entire life of a Workflow Execution, and there is a maximum size enforced by the service.

>     - The idiomatic way to handle this is to return `ContinueAsNew` (available in all SDKs) at a reasonable cutoff point to complete the current Workflow Execution and start a new execution with the same Workflow Id, passing it the appropriate parameters to continue.

Author: THIS is new content - inserted to directly address a very popular usecase that is not well addressed by docs (as far as I can tell)

i wanted to directly link ContinueAsNew in each SDK, but discovered that the Java SDK does not have a doc for `ContinueAsNew`

Author: Ryland's tweak to the title, and a couple more notes from Cully and Ryland

```suggestion
- **Is there a limit to how long workflows can run?**
    - Workflows intended to run indefinitely should be written with some care. Temporal stores the complete event history for the entire life of a Workflow Execution, and there is a maximum size of 50,000 events enforced by the service.
    - You should not get close to this limit; Temporal warns every 10,000 events.
    - The idiomatic way to handle indefinitely long workflows is to return `ContinueAsNew` (available in all SDKs) at a reasonable cutoff point to complete the current Workflow Execution and start a new execution with the same Workflow Id, passing it the appropriate parameters to continue.
    - If you are using [Signals](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/go-signals/), you should make sure to do an async drain on the Signal Channel or they will be dropped.
```

    - The only reason for a Workflow failure is the Workflow business code throwing an exception, not underlying infrastructure outages.
- **Can a worker handle more Workflow instances than its cache size or number of supported threads?** 
    - Yes. The tradeoff is some added latency. 
    - Workers are stateless. Any Workflow, while in a blocked state, can be safely removed from a worker. Later on, it can be resurrected on a different or the same worker when the need arises (in the form of an external event). 
    - So a single worker can handle millions of open Workflow executions, assuming it can handle the update rate and that slightly higher latency is not a concern.

## State Recovery and Determinism

Workflow state recovery utilizes event sourcing which puts a few restrictions on how the code is written:

- The main restriction is that **Workflow code must be deterministic**. It must produce exactly the same result if executed multiple times. 
- This rules out any external API calls *from the Workflow code* as external calls can fail intermittently or change its output any time. That is why **all communication with the external world should happen through Activities**. 

> - For the same reason, Workflow code must use Temporal APIs to get current time, `sleep`, and create new threads.

Author: wall of text refactor

- A child Workflow can be used to execute some periodic logic without blowing up the parent history size. When a parent starts a child, it executes periodic logic calling that continues as many times as needed, then completes. From the parent point of view, it is just a single child Workflow invocation.

The main reason *not* to use child Workflows (and instead, collocating all the application logic in a single Workflow) is **lack of shared state**. Parent and child can communicate only through asynchronous signals. If there is a tight coupling between them, it might be simpler to use a single Workflow and just rely on a shared object state.

We recommended starting from a single Workflow implementation if your problem has bounded size in terms of number of executed Activities and processed signals. It is more straightforward than multiple asynchronously communicating Workflows.

## Workflow Timeouts

It's often necessary to limit the amount of time a specific Workflow can be running. To support this, the following three parameters can be provided to Workflow options:

> - `WorkflowExecutionTimeout` maximum time a Workflow should be allowed to run including retries and `ContinueAsNew`. Use `WorkflowRunTimeout` to limit execution time of a single run.

Author: we should make code as `backticks` rather than english words
